Q1 - Python programming language was created by Guido van Rossum in the late 1980s 
while he was working at the National Research Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science (CWI) in the Netherlands.


Q2 - Python is a multi-paradigm programming language that supports multiple programming styles, including:
Procedural programming ,Object-oriented programming ,Functional programming ,Imperative programming ,Event-driven programming: 
Python's flexibility and versatility make it a popular choice for a wide range of programming tasks 
from scripting and automation to data analysis and machine learning.


Q3- Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language when dealing with identifiers. 


Q4 - The correct extension of a Python file is ".py".


Q5 - Python code is interpreted rather than compiled.


Q6 - In Python, code blocks are defined using indentation. Some common blocks of code in Python include:
Function definitions ,Conditional statements ,Loops .


Q7 - The hash symbol "#" is used to give single line comments in Python.


Q8 - There are a few functions that can help you find the version of Python that you are currently working on:
sys.version ,platform.python_version() ,sys.version_info


Q9 - Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called "lambda" functions.


Q10 - PIP stands for "Pip Installs Packages" or sometimes "Pip Installs Python".
PIP is a package manager for Python that allows users to easily install and manage third-party Python packages and libraries.


Q11 - print(): len(): range(): input(): type(): int(): float(): str(): list(): sum():


Q12 - In Python, the maximum possible length of an identifier is not specified, 
but it is recommended to keep the identifier names reasonably short and meaningful.


Q13 - Python is a popular programming language that offers several benefits, including:
Easy to Learn ,Large Standard Library ,Cross-Platform, Third-Party Libraries ,High-Level Language ,
Support for Multiple Programming Paradigms ,Open-Source and Community-Driven.


Q14 -Memory management in Python is handled automatically by the language itself.


Q15 -To install Python on Windows and set path variables, follow these steps:
Download the latest version of Python for Windows from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/
Run the installer and select "Add Python X.X to PATH" during the installation process. This will automatically set the path variables for you.


Q16 -Yes, indentation is required in Python. 
In fact, indentation is a fundamental part of the Python syntax and is used to indicate the block of code that belongs to a particular control structure, 
such as a function, loop, or conditional statement
